not only that the Israeli forces are
throwing leaflets on the people inat
forcing them to evacuate but they're
also firing bosphorous gas bombs in
different areas and in the concentrated
areas forcing people to evacuate we have
been seeing them here here more PPH
Forest bombs more PPH Forest bombs are
being fired on people living in the area
close to a jalut buildings hundreds of
thousands of people people that
evacuated from the nor North to here and
other people who have been already
living in Surat are evacuating after the
Israeli forces called them to evacuate
this area and asking people to go to
their as you see all of the people are
rushing um so fast trying to flee Under
Fire we have been hearing constant and
endless artillery shelling uh explosions
as you it's a chaos people are
taking their belongings they're taking
their water tanks because they know that
they won't find them anywhere they're
taking their blankets they're taking
their gas cylinders this woman carrying
her baby trying to flee for a safe area
but at the end of the day she knows that
no way and there's no place safe people
are still
evacuating day after day more areas have
been called by the Israeli forces to
evacuate and the situation is escalating
this is hind for Al
jazat make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer